updating team membership page (#6934)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/membership.mdx

## Organization-leve Roles

Check out the table below for all org-level roles and their permissions.

| **Action**                                                                          | **Billing** | **Member** | **Admin** | **Manager** | **Owner** |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ---------- | --------- | ----------- | --------- |
| Can see and edit billing information and subscription details                       | X           |            |           |             | X         |
| Can see and edit legal and compliance details                                       | X           |            |           |             | X         |
| Can view and act on issues, (such as assigning and resolving)                       |             | X          | X         | X           | X         |
| Can join and leave teams                                                            |             | X          | X         | X           | X         |
| Can change Project settings                                                         |             |            | X         | X           | X         |

> | Can add and remove projects                                                         |             |            | X         | X           | X         |

Author: ```suggestion
| Can add and remove Projects                                                         |             |            | X         | X           | X         |
```

| Can remove an organization                                                          |             |            |           |             | X         |
| Can assign Team Admin Role                                                          |             |            |           | X           |           |
| Can add, remove, and edit Team Contributors                                         |             |            |           | X           |           |
| Can add Projects for teams (depending on the rules set by the org owner or manager) |             |            |           | X           |           |
| Can remove Projects from teams                                                      |             |            |           | X           |           |

### Owner

- Unrestricted access to the organization, its data, and settings.
- Can add, modify, and delete Projects and members, as well as manage subscriptions and billing.
- Can manage legal and compliance details.
- Can add or remove Projects.
- Can delete an organization.

### Manager

> - Has admin access to all teams. Can add, modify, and delete Projects and members.
> - Can add and remove members from the organization, but cannot remove organization itself.

Author: ```suggestion
- Has admin access to all teams. Can add, modify, and delete Projects and members.
- Can add and remove members from the organization, but cannot remove organization itself.

### Admin

- Admin access to the teams of which they're members.
- Can create new teams and Projects, as well as remove Projects and teams of which they're members.
```

## Membership

Sentry handles user membership at the organizational level, but also supports team-level roles for users on a [Business plan](https://sentry.io/pricing/). Individual users can manage their personal preferences, including notifications and security settings, and can use their individual Sentry account to join multiple teams.

> ## Organization-leve Roles

Author: ```suggestion
## Organization-level Roles
```

Check out the table below for all org-level roles and their permissions.

| **Action**                                                                          | **Billing** | **Member** | **Admin** | **Manager** | **Owner** |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ---------- | --------- | ----------- | --------- |
| Can see and edit billing information and subscription details                       | X           |            |           |             | X         |
| Can see and edit legal and compliance details                                       | X           |            |           |             | X         |

> | Can view and act on issues, (such as assigning and resolving)                       |             | X          | X         | X           | X         |

Reviewer: remove comma

> | Can view and act on issues, (such as assigning and resolving)                       |             | X          | X         | X           | X         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Can view and act on issues (such as assigning and resolving)                       |             | X          | X         | X           | X         |
```

| Can assign Team Admin Role                                                          |             |            |           | X           |           |
| Can add, remove, and edit Team Contributors                                         |             |            |           | X           |           |
| Can add Projects for teams (depending on the rules set by the org owner or manager) |             |            |           | X           |           |
| Can remove Projects from teams                                                      |             |            |           | X           |           |

### Owner

- Unrestricted access to the organization, its data, and settings.
- Can add, modify, and delete Projects and members, as well as manage subscriptions and billing.
- Can manage legal and compliance details.
- Can add or remove Projects.
- Can delete an organization.

### Manager

- Has admin access to all teams. Can add, modify, and delete Projects and members.
- Can add and remove members from the organization, but cannot remove organization itself.

### Admin

> - Admin access to the teams of which they're members.

Author: ```suggestion
- Admin access to teams of which they're members.
```

## Organization-level Roles

All users and their organization-level roles are listed in **Settings > Members**. Users can have any of the following org-level roles:

- **Billing** users can manage payment and compliance details.
- **Org Members** can view most data in the organization and act on issues. They can join and leave teams, and access projects their teams own.
- **Org Admins** (deprecated) can edit global integrations, manage projects, and add/remove teams. They automatically assume the Team Admin role for teams they join. **Note**: This role can no longer be assigned.
- **Org Managers** have full management access to all teams and projects. They can also manage the organization's membership. Org Managers can perform Team Admin actions without needing to join the team.
- **Org Owners** have full access to the organization, its data, and settings. Org Owners can perform Team Admin actions without needing to join the team.

<Note>

> The Org Admin role has been replaced by Team Admins and can no longer be assigned to new users. Existing users with Org Admin roles will retain their admin privileges.

Reviewer 2: This is applicable for Business and Enterprise plans users only currently

| Can add, remove, and change Org Members                                         |             |            |           | ✓           | ✓         |
| Can change organization settings, including [open membership](#open-membership) |             |            |           | ✓           | ✓         |
| Can assign Team Admin role                                                      |             |            |           | ✓           | ✓         |
| Can add, remove, and edit Team Contributors                                     |             |            |           | ✓           | ✓         |
| Can add projects for teams                                                      |             |            |           | ✓           | ✓         |
| Can remove projects from teams                                                  |             |            |           | ✓           | ✓         |
| Can remove an organization                                                      |             |            |           |             | ✓         |

## Team-level Roles

> All members of a specific team and their team-level roles are listed in **Settings > Teams > [Team] > Members**.

Reviewer 2: This is listed in both Settings->Members->Member and Settings->Teams->Team->Members

### Permissions

Team-level roles grant more granular permissions to a specific team, as described in the table below:

| **Action**                                                                                                               | **Team Contributor** | **Team Admin**                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Can view and act on issues (such as assigning and resolving)                                                             | ✓                    | ✓                                                                    |
| Can join and leave teams (depending on open membership settings)                                                         | ✓                    | ✓                                                                    |

> | Can add and remove repositories                                                                                          |                      | ✓ (_Only for teams they’re an existing admin for_)                   |

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if this is true @leedongwei please confirm

| Can add projects for teams                                                                                               | ✓                    | ✓ (_Only for teams they’re an existing admin for_)                   |
| Can remove projects from teams                                                                                           |                      | ✓ (_Only for teams they’re an existing admin for_)                   |
| Can invite new members to join the organization (_Invite will land in pending state for Managers and Owners to approve_) | ✓                    | ✓                                                                    |
| Can remove an existing team from the organization                                                                        |                      | ✓ (_Only for teams they’re an existing admin for_)                   |
| Can transer existing projects                                                                                            |                      | ✓ (_Only for projects owned by teams they’re an existing admin for_) |

> | Can remove existing projects from the organization                                                                       |                      | ✓ (_Only for projects owned by teams they’re an existing admin for_) |

Reviewer: Want to double check that team admins can do this for their teams or if it's only org managers & owners than can

Reviewer 3: Team admins will be able to delete projects. This is correct.

| Can create new teams for the organization                                                                                |                      |                                                                      |

> | Can create new projects for the organization                                                                             |                      |                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: We need to add another point- Team admins can create alerts even if the Org setting for "Let members create alerts" is disabled

Reviewer: Just to double check, is it only Org admins, managers, and owner that can create new projects? Can team admins create new projects just for their teams?

Reviewer 3: Team Admins can create projects just for their teams.

- View and act on issues in Project A.
- Change settings for Project A.
- Add and remove Contributors for Team 1, but not for Team 2.
- Remove Project A from Team 1, but not from Team 2.

## Project Access and Team Membership

Project access is limited to that project's team(s). Team Admins, Org Managers, and Org Owners can add or remove project teams in **Project Settings > Project Teams**. Alternatively, these roles can also add projects to a team in **Team Settings > Projects**.

All Org Members can get access to a project by joining a team associated with the project.

### Open Membership

By default, team membership is open. With "Open Membership" enabled, all members can join, leave, and add other members to teams.

To restrict access to teams and projects, turn off "Open Membership" for the organization in **Settings > General Settings**.

![](membership-toggle.png)

When "Open Membership" is toggled off, teams are invite-only. Users can only join a team if they're invited by an Org Manager, Org Owner, or a Team Admin for that team. In this case, Org Admins who are not part of the team also need an invite to join. After they join, they automatically become a Team Admin.

> ## Transfer a Project

Reviewer: I tried to do this in my personal org, and it seems like you can only transfer projects to another Org Owner. Can we get additional details on this?

Reviewer 3: Fixed here: https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/pull/51557

| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Can view and act on issues (such as assigning and resolving)                                            | ✓                    | ✓                                                                      |
| Can join and leave teams (depending on open membership settings)                                        | ✓                    | ✓                                                                      |
| Can add repositories                                                                                    | ✓                    | ✓                                                                      |
| Can invite new members to join (_Invite will land in pending state for Managers and Owners to approve_) | ✓                    | ✓                                                                      |

> | Can change project settings                                                                             |                      | ✓ (_Only for projects they have access to_)                            |

Reviewer 3: Seems a bit repetitive. Can we try something like this

```suggestion
| Can change project settings                                                                             |                      | ✓ **                            |
```

Then right below the table
```
[**] Only for teams or projects that they are an existing admin for.

Reviewer: Good suggestion, updated!

| Can create new projects for the organization                                                            |                      | ✓ (_Project must be assigned to a team they’re an existing admin for_) |
| Can remove an existing team from the organization                                                       |                      | ✓ (_Only for teams they’re an existing admin for_)                     |
| Can remove existing projects from the organization                                                      |                      | ✓ (_Only for projects owned by teams they’re an existing admin for_)   |
| Can create new teams for the organization                                                               |                      |                                                                        |
| Can transfer existing projects to another organization                                                  |                      |                                                                        |

### Edge Cases

In cases where several roles apply to one resource, a union of all permissions is applied.

> Lets say a user is a Team Admin for Team 1 and a Contributor for Team 2, and both teams own Project A. The user can:

Author: ```suggestion
Let's say a user is a Team Admin for Team 1 and a Contributor for Team 2, and both teams own Project A. The user will be able to:
```

- View and act on issues in Project A.
- Change settings for Project A.
- Add and remove Contributors for Team 1, but not for Team 2.
- Remove Project A from Team 1, but not from Team 2.
- Add Project A to Team 3 (which they are a Contributor in) and Team 4 (which they are not a member of).

> - Create a new project, Project B, for Team 1. (At creation, new projects must be owned by teams the user is a Team Admin for.)

Author: ```suggestion
- Create a new project, Project B, for Team 1. (New projects can only be created and owned by teams the user is a Team Admin for.)
```

- Add Project B to Teams 2, 3, and 4.

## Project Access and Team Membership

> Project access is limited to that project's team(s). Team Admins, Org Managers, and Org Owners can add or remove project teams in **Project Settings > Project Teams**. Alternatively, these roles can also add projects to a team in **Team Settings > Projects**.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Projects can only be accessed by that project's team(s). Team Admins, Org Managers, and Org Owners can add or remove project teams in **Project Settings > Project Teams**. Alternatively, these roles can also add projects to a team in **Team Settings > Projects**.

```

> All Org Members can get access to a project by joining a team associated with the project.

Author: ```suggestion
All Org Members can get access to a project by joining a team associated with that project.
```

### Open Membership

> By default, team membership is open. With "Open Membership" enabled, all members can join, leave, and add other members to teams.

Author: ```suggestion
Team membership is open by default. All members can join, leave, and add other members to teams.
```

To restrict access to teams and projects, turn off "Open Membership" for the organization in **Settings > General Settings**.

![](membership-toggle.png)

> When "Open Membership" is toggled off, teams are invite-only. Users can request access to join a team and invite others to join their teams. Access requests and invitations must be approved by an Org Manager, Org Owner, or a Team Admin for that team. Org Admins who are not part of the team also need to follow this process to join. After they join, they automatically become a Team Admin.

Author: ```suggestion
If "Open Membership" is toggled off, team access is on an invite-only basis. Users can request to join a team and invite others to join their teams, but access requests and invitations must be approved by an Org Manager, Org Owner, or a Team Admin for that team. Org Admins who aren't part of the team also need to follow this process to join. Once they join, they automatically become a Team Admin.
```

## Transfer a Project

> Only Org Owners can transfer a project to another organization. To do so, go to the target project's **Project Settings > General Settings** and click "Transfer Project". Enter the new Org Owner's email. The Owner for the receiving organization will get an email to approve the transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only Org Owners can transfer a project to another organization. To do so, go to the target project's **Project Settings > General Settings** and click "Transfer Project". Enter the new Org Owner's email. The Owner for the receiving organization then receives an email to approve the transfer.
```

When transferring a project to a new organization, we recommend also adding a new team to the project for better visibility.

## Remove an Organization

If you're an Org Owner, you can remove an entire organization and all its associated data completely.

> A user can be a Member in several organizations, so deleting an organization does _not_ delete user accounts.

Author: ```suggestion
A user can be a Member of several organizations, so deleting an organization doesn't delete user accounts.
```

> To remove an organization, go to the **Organization Settings** page and click "Remove Organization", which will prompt you for confirmation. After confirmation, your organization is queued for deletion.

Author: ```suggestion
To remove an organization, go to the **Organization Settings** page and click "Remove Organization", which will prompt you for confirmation. After confirmation, your organization will be queued for deletion.
```

Only Org Admins, Managers, and Owners can add new teams to an organization. Users can join a team with one of the following team-level roles:

- **Team Contributors** can view and act on issues and, depending on org rules, can add members and projects to the team.
- **Team Admins** have additional permissions to manage their team's membership and projects. These permissions are granted at the team-level, and don't apply to teams where they're not a Team Admin.

Org Members can be Team Admins for specific teams, but they can't add new teams. Org Admins automatically become Team Admins when they join a team. Org Managers and Owners can perform Team Admin actions for all teams without needing to join.

### Permissions

Team-level roles enable more granular access to a specific team, as described in the table below:

| **Action**                                                                                          | **Team Contributor** | **Team Admin** |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | -------------- |

> | Can view and act on issues (such as assigning and resolving)                                        | ✓                    | ✓              |
> | Can join and leave teams (depending on open membership settings)                                    | ✓                    | ✓              |
> | Can add repositories                                                                                | ✓                    | ✓              |
> | Can invite new members to join (_Invite lands in pending state for Managers and Owners to approve_) | ✓                    | ✓              |
> | Can change project settings                                                                         |                      | ✓\*            |
> | Can assign Team Admin Role                                                                          |                      | ✓\*            |
> | Can add, edit, or remove Team Contributors                                                          |                      | ✓\*            |
> | Can add projects for teams                                                                          |                      | ✓\*            |
> | Can remove projects from teams                                                                      |                      | ✓\*            |
> | Can create alerts even if the org setting for "Let members create alerts" is disabled               |                      | ✓\*            |
> | Can create new projects for the organization                                                        |                      | ✓\*            |
> | Can remove an existing team from the organization                                                   |                      | ✓\*            |
> | Can remove existing projects from the organization                                                  |                      | ✓\*            |
> | Can create new teams for the organization                                                           |                      |                |
> | Can transfer existing projects to another organization                                              |                      |                |

Reviewer 3: Rearranged the sequence so it goes from org-level actions, to team-level actions, to project-level actions.

```suggestion
| Can invite new members to join (_Invite lands in pending state for Managers and Owners to approve_) | ✓                    | ✓              |
| Can join and leave teams (depending on open membership settings)                                    | ✓                    | ✓              |
| Can view and act on issues (such as assigning and resolving)                                        | ✓                    | ✓              |

| Can add repositories                                                                                | ✓                    | ✓              |
| Can create new teams for the organization                                                           |                      |                |
| Can remove an existing team from the organization                                                   |                      | ✓\*            |
| Can assign Team Admin Role                                                                          |                      | ✓\*            |
| Can add, edit, or remove Team Contributors                                                          |                      | ✓\*            |
| Can create new projects for the organization                                                        |                      | ✓\*            |
| Can remove existing projects from the organization                                                  |                      | ✓\*            |
| Can add projects for teams                                                                          |                      | ✓\*            |
| Can remove projects from teams                                                                      |                      | ✓\*            |
| Can change project settings                                                                         |                      | ✓\*            |
| Can create alerts even if the org setting for "Let members create alerts" is disabled               |                      | ✓\*            |
```

- Can manage subscription and billing details.
- Can manage legal and compliance details.

<Note>

> The role of Admin has been deprecated and replaced with new Team-level roles, available for Business plan users. Existing Admin-level users will continue holding the role.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Team-level roles have replaced the Admin role for Business plan users. Existing Admin-level users will continue holding the role.

```

</Note>

## Team-level Roles

Check out the table below for all team-level roles and their permissions.

| **Action**                                                                          | **Team Admin**                                     | **Team Contributor** |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | --- |
| Can see and edit billing information and subscription details                       |                                                    |                      |

> | Can see and edit legal and compliance details                                       |                                                    |                      | X   |

Author: ```suggestion
| Can see and edit legal and compliance details                                       |                                                    |                      | 
```

| Can view and act on issues, (such as assigning and resolving)                       | X                                                  | X                    |
| Can join and leave teams (depending on the rules set by the org owner or manager)   | X                                                  | X                    |
| Can change Project settings                                                         | X (_Only for projects they have access to_)        |                      |
| Can add and remove Projects                                                         | X (_Only for teams they’re an existing Admin for_) |                      |
| Can edit Global Integrations                                                        |                                                    |                      |

> | Can add, remove, and change members                                                 |                                                    |                      |
> | Can add and remove teams                                                            |                                                    |                      |

Author: ```suggestion
| Can add, remove, and change members                                                 |                                                    |                      |
| Can invite new members to join
(*Invite will land in pending state for managers and owners to approve*)                                                 |            X                                        |              X        |  
| Can add and remove teams                                                            |                                                    |                      |
```

- Can manage subscription and billing details.
- Can manage legal and compliance details.

<Note>

Team-level roles have replaced the Admin role for Business plan users. Existing Admin-level users will continue holding the role.

</Note>

## Team-level Roles

Check out the table below for all team-level roles and their permissions.

| **Action**                                                                                              | **Team Admin**                                     | **Team Contributor** |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| Can see and edit billing information and subscription details                                           |                                                    |                      |
| Can see and edit legal and compliance details                                                           |                                                    |                      |

> | Can view and act on issues, (such as assigning and resolving)                                           | X                                                  | X                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Can view and act on issues (such as assigning and resolving)                                           | X                                                  | X                    |
```

| Can change organization settings                                                                        |                                                    |                      |
| Can remove an organization                                                                              |                                                    |                      |
| Can assign Team Admin Role                                                                              | X (_Only for teams they’re an existing Admin for_) |                      |
| Can add, edit, or remove Team Contributors                                                              | X                                                  |                      |
| Can add Projects for teams (depending on the rules set by the org owner or manager)                     | X                                                  | X                    |
| Can remove Projects from teams                                                                          | X                                                  |                      |

### Team Admin

> - Admin access to teams of which they're members.

Reviewer 3: ```
- Has admin access to specific teams. Can add, modify, delete teams, projects for those specific teams.
```

> - Admin access to the teams of which they're members.

Author: ```suggestion
- Admin access to teams of which they're members.
```

- Can create new teams and Projects, as well as remove Projects and teams of which they're members.

### Team Contributor

- Can view and act on issues.
- Can join and leave teams (depending on the rules set by the org owner/manager).
- Can invite new members to join (pending approval from org owner/manager).

> - Can add Projects for team (depending on the rules set by the org owner/manager).

Reviewer 3: The order of hierarchy in this explanation is off.

The 3rd and 4th point should be swapped, as inviting members is an org-level action.

Also, it should be resorted from org-level actions to issue-level actions to be consistent with above.

> 

Reviewer 3: We need to explain edge-cases.

If a project is assigned to two teams (Project Fruits to Team Apple and Team Banana), what happens if I'm team-admin for Team Apple, and team-contributor for Team-Banana?

## Open Membership

Open membership is enabled by default. This allows users to join, leave, and add other members to teams.

## Restricting Access

> - Project access is limited to the team that owns the Project, but org members can get access to the Project by joining the team that owns it (depending on the rules set by the org owner/manager).

Reviewer 3: > depending on the rules set by the org owner/manager

This needs to be specific. If I were an org-owner and I want to stop people from joining teams, then I'll need to go figure out which Sentry rules need to be changed. 

Can we say "depends on Open Membership setting"?

Reviewer 3: There's overlap with the explanation for Team Access below.

I think we need to explain the relationship between Team vs Project, and tie that together in the explanation for the edge-case above.

> - Project access is limited to the team that owns the Project, but org members can get access to the Project by joining the team that owns it, (depending on the rules set by the org owner/manager).

Reviewer: remove comma before parentheses

> - Project access is limited to the team that owns the Project, but org members can get access to the Project by joining the team that owns it, (depending on the rules set by the org owner/manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Project access is limited to the team that owns the Project, but org members can get access to the Project by joining the team that owns it (depending on the rules set by the org owner/manager).
```

- To limit access to a Project, you can limit access to the team that owns that Project by making it invite-only. Users will only be able to join from an invitation by a Manager, Owner, or Admin.

> To restrict team access, go to the Settings page > General Settings and flip the “Open Membership” toggle.

Reviewer: **Settings > General Settings** 

Can we just say Settings instead of Settings page?

> To restrict team access, go to the Settings page > General Settings and flip the “Open Membership” toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restrict team access, go to the **Settings > General Settings** and flip the “Open Membership” toggle.
```

Can we just say Settings instead of Settings page?

![](membership-toggle.png)

## Transferring a Project

To transfer a Project to a new owner, go to the target Project's **Project Settings > General Settings > Transfer Project**. Enter the email address of the person you’d like to transfer it to. They'll receive an email to approve the transfer.

When transferring a Project to a new organization, we recommend also adding a new team to the Project for better visibility.

## Removing an Organization

> If you’re an org owner, you can remove an entire organization and all its associated data completely. Doing so will *not* remove user accounts, but it will remove user membership in that organization.

Reviewer 3: ```
If you’re an org owner, you can remove an entire organization and all its associated data completely. 

A user can be a member in several Sentry organizations at the same time. As such, deleting the organization will *not* delete user accounts, but it will remove user's membership in that organization.
```

> To remove an organization, go to the **Settings** **page** **> General Settings,** then \*\*\*\*click the "Remove Organization" button, which will prompt you for confirmation. After this is done, your organization will be queued for deletion.

Author: ```suggestion
To remove an organization, go to **Settings page > General Settings,** click "Remove Organization" button, which will prompt you for confirmation. After this is done, your organization will be queued for deletion.
```

> To remove an organization, go to the **Settings** **page** **> General Settings,** then \*\*\*\*click the "Remove Organization" button, which will prompt you for confirmation. After this is done, your organization will be queued for deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove an organization, go to **Settings > General Settings**, then click "Remove Organization", which will prompt you for confirmation. After this is done, your organization will be queued for deletion.
```

| Can see and edit billing information and subscription details                     |                                                    |                      |
| Can see and edit legal and compliance details                                     |                                                    |                      |
| Can view and act on issues, (such as assigning and resolving)                     | X                                                  | X                    |
| Can join and leave teams (depending on the rules set by the org owner or manager) | X                                                  | X                    |
| Can change Project settings                                                       | X (_Only for projects they have access to_)        |                      |
| Can add and remove Projects                                                       | X (_Only for teams they’re an existing Admin for_) |                      |
| Can edit Global Integrations                                                      |                                                    |                      |

> | Can add, remove, and change members                                               |                                                    |                      |
> 
> | Can invite new members to join
> (_Invite will land in pending state for managers and owners to approve_) | X | X |  
> | Can add and remove teams | | |
> | Can add and remove repositories | X (_Only for teams they’re an existing Admin for_) | |
> | Can change organization settings | | |
> | Can remove an organization | | |
> | Can assign Team Admin Role | X (_Only for teams they’re an existing Admin for_) | |
> | Can add, edit, or remove Team Contributors | X | |
> | Can add Projects for teams (depending on the rules set by the org owner or manager) | X | X |
> | Can remove Projects from teams | X | |

Author: ```suggestion
| Can add, remove, and change members                                               |                                                    |                      |
| Can invite new members to join (_Invite will land in pending state for managers and owners to approve_) | X | X |  
| Can add and remove teams | | |
| Can add and remove repositories | X (_Only for teams they’re an existing Admin for_) | |
| Can change organization settings | | |
| Can remove an organization | | |
| Can assign Team Admin Role | X (_Only for teams they’re an existing Admin for_) | |
| Can add, edit, or remove Team Contributors | X | |
| Can add Projects for teams (depending on the rules set by the org owner or manager) | X | X |
| Can remove Projects from teams | X | |
```
